docs(slots): update documentation about deprecated slots (#196)
Lundalogik/lime-web-components: doc/concepts/slots.mdx

# Slots

There are a number of slots in the Lime CRM webclient where web components can be added. All of them are configured from the administrator page inside the webclient. Slots can either be slots where components are rendered, or inside menus where actions can be added.

## Deprecated slots

> In previous versions of Lime CRM webclient, web components could be directly injected into the client by an addon. This way of configuring web components is now deprecated and will be removed in the future. To specify where a web component should live, edit the file `lwc.config.json` in the root directory for the web components.

Reviewer: > To specify where a web component should live, edit the file `lwc.config.json` in the root directory for the web components.

I don't think it's clear enough that this was the old way of doing it.

```suggestion
In previous versions of Lime CRM webclient, web components could be directly injected into the client by an addon. This way of configuring web components is now deprecated and will be removed in the future. To specify that a web component should appear in one of these deprecated slots, edit the file `lwc.config.json` in the web component's package.
```

Reviewer: (I mean, it's obviously very clear that the described way is the deprecated way, *if* the reader reads the whole section… but, you know… 😄)

Only root components should be listed in `lwc.config.json`, i.e. components that are created and injected by the webclient. Other components, e.g. components that are nested or reused between many components, do not belong in any slot and should not be listed.

### List of slots

The following slots were previously defined for Lime CRM webclient. They should no longer be used.

| Slot                          | Location                                  |
| ----------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `dashboard`                   | On the client's dashboard *deprecated*                |
| `object.card.head.panels`     | In the header of the limeobject card *deprecated*     |

#### Migration strategy

When migrating from the deprecated slots, use the following strategies.

* `dashboard` - use the new "Start Page designer" in the adminsitrator interface

> * `object.card.head.panels` - This slot has been split into two. Action-like components consisting mainly of a button opening a dialog etc, should be moved to the action menu for the card. Graphical components that displays information should be moved to the "Web components" configuration section for the card view. Both are accessed from the adminsitrator interface of the webclient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `object.card.head.panels` - This slot has been split into two. Action-like components consisting mainly of a button opening a dialog etc, should be moved to the action menu for the card. Graphical components that displays information should be moved to the "Web components" configuration section for the card view. Both are accessed from the administrator interface of the webclient.
```
